c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\SHSU_ELO_Project.exe.config
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\obj\Debug\SHSU_ELO_Project.Login.resources
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\obj\Debug\SHSU_ELO_Project.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\obj\Debug\SHSU_ELO_Project.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\SHSU_ELO_Project.exe
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\SHSU_ELO_Project.pdb
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\obj\Debug\SHSU_ELO_Project.exe
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\obj\Debug\SHSU_ELO_Project.pdb
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\RiotSharp.dll
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\RiotSharp.xml
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
c:\users\cj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\obj\Debug\SHSU_ELO_Project.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\CJ\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\obj\Debug\SHSU_ELO_Project.Register.resources
C:\Users\CJ\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SHSU_ELO_Project\SHSU_ELO_Project\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
